Openbao associated data (#4365)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

- When OpenTelemetry trace collection is active, OpenTofu now copies any log lines generated by the OpenTelemetry libraries into its own debug log stream that you can activate using the `TF_LOG` environment variable. ([#4285](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/4285))
- When installing provider and module packages from OCI Distribution registries, OpenTofu now tracks separate transient credentials for each repository to support registry implementations that issue repository-scoped tokens.  ([#3316](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/3316))
- The `providers lock` command now supports the argument `-oci-mirror`. The functionality mimics that of the field `repository_template` of `oci_mirror`-block in [`provider_installation`](https://opentofu.org/docs/cli/config/config-file/#provider-installation) with the exception of using a URI template instead of a HCL one.

> - The OpenBao key provider for state encryption now supports an `associated_data` field, allowing a base64-encoded value to be passed to OpenBao Transit with every data key generation and decryption call. ([#4365](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4365)

Reviewer: You're missing the closing paren around the link.

> - The OpenBao key provider for state encryption now supports an `associated_data` field, allowing a base64-encoded value to be passed to OpenBao Transit with every data key generation and decryption call. ([#4365](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4365))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The OpenBao key provider accepts a new `associated_data` (known as AAD) argument, allowing a base64-encoded value to be passed to OpenBao on every data key generation and decryption call. ([#4365](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/4365))
```
